h2. AssetLoader

Multi file/asset loader for AS3 built event-based.

h3. Overview

AssetLoader provides an easy way to load multiple files.

Note: The "AssetLoader":https://github.com/soundstep/AssetLoader library is a port based on Flash built-in events from the original "Matan's AssetLoader":https://github.com/Matan/AssetLoader that is written with signals.

h3. Some Features

Please check out the "wiki section":https://github.com/soundstep/AssetLoader/wiki for more information and examples.

* Automatic Type detection.
* Multiple connections, which you can define = faster loading = less waiting = happier users.
* No singletons! Construct as many AssetLoaders as you want!
* Endless recursive group loaders within loaders, within loaders, etc.
* Pause/Resume/Destroy capabilities.
* Dynamic parameter system that works with code completion - No guessing!
* Loader parameters smartly inherit from their parent loaders (except on demand parameter), which mean you write less code.
* Real-time loading stats. This provides latency, speed, average and progress of all downloads.
* Consolidated stats, loaders reclusively consolidate loading stats all the way down to the last child.
* Can be configured via XML, straight up or from an external file with one easy call.
* All loader errors are consolidated to one event. IOError, SecurityError, etc. - you don't have to worry about it, they all boil down to one place. Which means you can "globally" handle loading errors with one listener/command.
* Interfaces all round.
* Unit tested! :D
* Implemented in the "SomaAssets plugin":https://github.com/soundstep/somacore_plugins for the "SomaCore framework":https://github.com/soundstep/somacore_framework
* And some other stuff too!

h2. License

The MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.